# Evolutionary Design of Convolutional Neural Network Architecture using NSGA-II

The script `project.py` implements the NSGA-II evolutionary algorithm for finding the optimal architecture of convolutional neural networks (CNN) using the (mu + lambda) strategy, where mu specifies the number of parent individuals selected for reproduction and lambda denotes the number of offspring generated in each generation.

## Installation

To run this project, Python and the following libraries are required:

- numpy
- torch
- torchvision
- torchaudio

## Dependency Installation for Windows:

```
pip install numpy
pip install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118
```

## Instalace závislostí pro Linux:

```
pip install numpy
pip install torch torchvision torchaudio
```

## Usage:

```
project.py [-h] [--mu MU] [--lambda LAMBDA] [--generations GENERATIONS]
```

### Options:

- `-h, --help`: Displays usage help and exits the program.
- `--mu MU`: Sets the value of mu (positive integer).
- `--lambda LAMBDA`: Sets the value of lambda (positive integer).
- `--generations GENERATIONS`: Sets the number of generations (positive integer).

### Example Usage:

```
python project.py --mu 4 --lambda 20 --generations 10
```

## Data Storage

The data generated by running the `project.py` script is stored in the `data_files` directory. Each file follows a specific naming convention for easy identification.

### File Naming Convention

Each file is named according to the parameters used in the script:

- `run_{run_number}_mu_{mu_number}_lambda_{lambda_number}.pkl`

Where:

- `{run_number}`: Represents the unique identifier for each run.
- `{mu_number}`: Corresponds to the value of the `mu` parameter used in the script.
- `{lambda_number}`: Corresponds to the value of the `lambda` parameter used in the script.

### Example

For example, if you run the script with `--mu 4 --lambda 20`, the resulting data file might be named `run_1_mu_4_lambda_20.pkl` if it's the first run.

Please note that each run will generate a separate data file with unique identifiers based on the parameters used.
